on this episode of Monster Model review
we have epic media studio Lister model
works figure model basics two-point old
DVD back in 2001 Phil Lister released
his first model basics video and
involved the painting of a Phantom of
the Opera kit the video touched on the
basics of you guessed it figure model
painting while we jump ahead to 2011 and
Phil is revisiting the theme with figure
model basics 2.0 what's different this
time you ask well for starters he's
doing a female KITT the bust of the
Bride of Frankenstein a female KITT
requires some different techniques to
start bill goes over how to properly
base coat the flesh tones of the KITT
next he shows the model of how to use
chalk pastels for shading and adding
depth to the flesh tones pastels are
great for the person who doesn't know or
want to use an airbrush then detailing
the faces covered bill takes his time
and really focuses on how to achieve
realistic eyes after that it's on to the
hair this section is really specific to
the brides here but the technique is
universal so it can be used for other
hairdos next is painting and shading the
gown and the last section is about
painting the base starting with the
stolen effects and ending with blocking
in the nameplate Phil ends the how-to
with an overview of the work in a model
gallery of us kids is also included
2.0 really helps the novice modeler get
a grip on the different techniques used
for figure bottle painting well that's
it for this episode make sure to check
out Phil's website as he has other
how-to videos available such as the
model crafter series and don't forget to
check out our website master model
review.com I've been your host Chris
Goerke and thanks for watching
Oh